Update site with feedback on value prop and communication (#270)
2i2c-org/2i2c-brochure: content/platform/_index.md

  - block: markdown
    id: numbers
    content:
      title: Hubs enable the research lifecycle with open tools and services

>       subtitle: Interactive computing hubs integrate open tools and services to provide a digital home that takes users from learning their first workflows to making discoveries and sharing with others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      subtitle: Interactive computing hubs integrate open tools and services to provide a digital home that bootstraps users from learning their first workflows to making discoveries and sharing with others.
```

        <div class="container logos">
            <div class="row justify-content-center">
                <div class="section-heading d-flex flex-wrap justify-content-center col-12 mb-3 text-center">
                    <img class="logo col-6 col-md-4" src="/images/logos/project/jupyterlab.svg" alt="Jupyter Lab logo">
                    <img class="logo col-6 col-md-4" src="/images/logos/project/jupyterhub.svg" alt="Jupyter Hub logo">
                    <img class="logo col-6 col-md-4" src="/images/logos/project/jupyterbook.svg" alt="Jupyter Book logo">
                    <img class="logo col-6 col-md-4" src="/images/logos/project/jupyter.svg" alt="Jupyter logo">
                    <img class="logo col-6 col-md-4" src="/images/logos/project/myst.svg" alt="MyST logo">
                    <img class="logo col-6 col-md-4" src="/images/logos/project/binder.svg" alt="Binder logo">
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

  - block: markdown
    id: magiclink
    design:
        columns: 2
    content:
      title: Magic links let you instantly share content on a hub

>       subtitle:  Clicking a magic link to instantly give a user their own copy of your content so that they can interact and explore in a live environment.

Reviewer 2: Suggest alternate wording: "Create and share a magic link to instantly give someone their own copy of your content so that they can interact and explore in a live environment."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      subtitle: Create and share a magic link to instantly share a copy of your content with anyone so that they can interact and explore with live code and data.
```

      text: |

        {{< video src="videos/magic-links.mp4">}}
        
        <p class="figcaption">
          Powered by <a href="https://mystmd.org"><img src="/images/logos/project/myst.svg" /></a> and <a href="https://jupyterhub.readthedocs.io"><img src="/images/logos/project/jupyterhub.svg" /></a>

>         </p>

Reviewer: This figcaption is rendering pretty huge for me, I think you might need to define the width and height of the SVGs.

<img width="1057" alt="Screenshot 2024-07-03 at 11 07 52" src="https://github.com/2i2c-org/2i2c-org.github.io/assets/45105935/a8541cac-3a39-4d17-9756-c9d93ebfcef0">

>         {{< video src="videos/jupyterlab.mp4">}}

Reviewer 3: I am not seeing how to do this with the (hugo?) shortcode here, but if you add a `mute` on your videos, then they will actually auto play on all platforms. Right now the landing experience doesn't auto play the videos.

    design:
        columns: 2
    content:
      title: Choose a community environment, or create your own
      subtitle:  Community leaders can offer many environments for users to fit all of their workflows.
      text: |

        {{< figure src="/images/service/server-choices.png" >}}

        <p class="figcaption">
          Powered by <a href="https://jupyterhub.readthedocs.io"><img src="/images/logos/project/jupyterhub.svg" /></a> and <a href="https://repo2docker.readthedocs.io"><img src="/images/logos/project/repo2docker.png" /></a>
        </p>
  - block: markdown
    id: knowledge-base
    design:
        columns: 2
        css_class: reverse-markdown-row
    content:
      title: A shared knowledge base that connects with your hub
      subtitle:  Shared knowledge bases allow communities to contribute their ideas and work to a shared space that is accessible to the community.
      text: |

        {{< video src="videos/jupyterbook.mp4">}}

        <p class="figcaption">
          Powered by <a href="https://jupyterbook.org"><img src="/images/logos/project/jupyterbook.svg" /></a> and <a href="https://mystmd.org"><img src="/images/logos/project/myst.svg" /></a>

>         </p>

Reviewer 3: Thank you for the links to the underlying tools and communities when showcasing this content.
